doc: Documentation regarding UI (#6)
Quantum3-Labs/ss2-docs: docs/quick-start/environment.mdx

- Edit your frontend homepage at `packages/nextjs/app/page.tsx`. For guidance on [routing](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/defining-routes) and configuring [pages/layouts](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/pages-and-layouts) checkout the Next.js documentation.

> - Edit your deployment scripts in `packages/snfoundry/script-js/deploy.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Edit your deployment scripts in `packages/snfoundry/scripts-ts/deploy.ts`.
```
